# 5th Formal Meeting Minutes

**Date:** Wednesday, 2025-11-12
**Time:** 15:00 – 16:00 
**Place:** PMB 449



## Abstract 

The fifth project meeting centered on evaluating the completion of recent work. The Software Requirement Specification (SRS), Use Case Diagrams and prototype was evaluated by the supervisor, with additional discussion on methods for improving the performance of the system in the future and the division of work for the interim report.

Further planning included expanded research into the selection of the outfit recommendation model, improvement of the Uer Interface (UI) design, and the coverage of functional requirement in the use case design. The team agreed to conduct tests on Qwen3-VL to verify whether it can meet the requirements.

The meeting concluded with confirmed deadlines, assigned research responsibilities, and reinforced emphasis on the division of work for the interim report .

Initial discussions were held regarding the selection of the outfit recommendation model.
The SRS, use case diagram and a prototype with high fidelity was reviewed, along with potential future enhancements.
Next steps will involve evaluating the performance of Qwen3-VL in the task of recommending to the users,
as well as searching for different models or algorithms that may contribute to the task.



## 1. Participants

|    Member    |   Role    | Present / Apology |
| :----------: | :-------: | :---------------: |
| Haochen Wang |   /   |      Present      |
|  Jilin Song  |  / |Present|
|  Ruixi Yang  |     Secretary     |      Present      |
|  Yuchen Fan  |  Chair   |      Present      |
| Jiajun Chen  | /|      Present      |



## 2. Agenda

-   Evaluate the performance of Qwen Image Edit (response time).

-   Verify whether the coverage of functional requirements is adequete.

-   Continue research on the outfit recommendation models: 
    - Base on Qwen3-VL (LLMs)
    - Base on certain models
    - Base on aesthetic rules

-   Conduct further research on how to improve the performance of the system continuously:
    - Use the APIs provided by relevant websites to learn about the latest fashion trends.
    - Train the model using historical data, new outfit rules or more stringent scoring models.
    
-   Confirm the devision of work for the interim report.



## 3. Main Discussion Points

-   In-depth Research Required

-   Test the performance of Qwen3-VL in the recommendation task.
    - The result generated should meet the requirement in SRS.

-   Search for the available models and algorithms related to the recommendation task.
    - The model should be an open-source model that was recently released.

-   Search for the methods to potentially optimize the performance of the system
    - Obtain and learn about the latest fashion trends directly through the interfaces provided by relevant websites.
    - Access external data streams to obtain new fashion trends and conduct training.
    - Train the model basing on the results generated by the model itself and a specific scoring model.

-   Check whether all functional requirements have been covered in the SRS and use case diagram  

-   Continue to finish other UML diagrams

- Make a decision on the division of work for interim report as soon as possible

  


## 4. Possible Encounter and Utilize

-   Possible Challenges & Solutions
    - Qwen3-VL may not be able to generate outfit recommendations that meet the requirements.
    - If the user wants to wear accessories while trying on the clothes, the proportion of the accessory pictures may need to be adjusted.
    - Further examination of user stories, functional requirements and use case design are still necessary.
    - The detailed division of work for the interim report need to be determined as soon as possible.




## 5. Action Points

### 5.1 Requirement Documentation

| Task                               | Responsible | Deadline |
| ---------------------------------- | ----------- | -------- |
| Devision of Work for Interim Report | All members | Nov 15   |



### 5.2 Research aim
- Conduct in-depth research on recommendation models, focusing on whether their performance can meet the requirements in SRS.

- Explore methods for evaluating model features and performance metrics.

- Investigate how to optimize LLM-generated prompts for better compatibility and synergy with these dataset models

- Proactively search for and review newly published research; ensure team-wide comprehension of relevant findings

- Identify and analyze aesthetic rules and principles

  

## 6. Next Formal Meeting

**Date:** Wednesday, 2025-11-19
**Time:**  14:30 – 15:00 
**Place:**  IEB-520